Component parameter value guidance updates (#28696)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/components/index.md

</div>
```

> Assign a C# field, property, or result of a method to a component parameter as an HTML attribute value.
> 
> A leading [Razor reserved `@` symbol](xref:mvc/views/razor#razor-syntax) isn't required for component parameters of any type. A leading `@` symbol is optional for non-string parameters and is only required for string parameters if you want a C# context instead of assigning a string literal value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign a C# field, property, or result of a method to a component parameter as an HTML attribute value. The value of the attribute can typically be any C# expression that matches the type of the parameter. The value of the attribute can optionally lead with a [Razor reserved `@` symbol](xref:mvc/views/razor#razor-syntax), but it isn't required.
```

> 
> The following `ParameterParent2` component displays four instances of the preceding `ParameterChild` component and sets their `Title` parameter values to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the component parameter is of type string, then the attribute value is instead treated as a C# string literal by default.  If you want to specify a C# expression instead, then use the `@` prefix.

The following `ParameterParent2` component displays four instances of the preceding `ParameterChild` component and sets their `Title` parameter values to:
```

* The value of the `title` field.
* The result of the `GetTitle` C# method.
* The current local date in long format with <xref:System.DateTime.ToLongDateString%2A>, which uses an [implicit C# expression](xref:mvc/views/razor#implicit-razor-expressions).
* The `panelData` object's `Title` property.

> The `@` prefix is required for string-typed parameters in a C# context. Otherwise, the framework assumes that a string literal is set. The `@` prefix is ***never*** required for other, non-literal types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
